{"type":"entry","content":{"html":"<p>Started today on refactoring the personal site. There is too much bloat in terms of packages, my stupidities and versions of crucial things are lagging behind. svelte changed from 4 to 5, Tailwind lost its <code>config.js</code> file, components are all over the place and the list goes on. I might regret saying this but I don’t think it will take as long, since it is a matter of copying and cleaning up existing code. I have some new things as well. I have set up micropub and other new areas of ‘quantified self’, as well as teaching material that needs to be discoverable, and older things like a dedicated tidytuesday section (although the UI is nice) that don’t need as much prominence.</p>","text":"Started today on refactoring the personal site. There is too much bloat in terms of packages, my stupidities and versions of crucial things are lagging behind. svelte changed from 4 to 5, Tailwind lost its `config.js` file, components are all over the place and the list goes on. I might regret saying this but I don't think it will take as long, since it is a matter of copying and cleaning up existing code. I have some new things as well. I have set up micropub and other new areas of 'quantified self', as well as teaching material that needs to be discoverable, and older things like a dedicated tidytuesday section (although the UI is nice) that don't need as much prominence. "},"category":["personal site","dev notes"],"post-status":"published","location":{"type":"geo","name":"12° 53′ 20.33″ N 74° 51′ 46.08″ E","latitude":12.88898,"longitude":74.8628},"published":"2025-08-20T14:39:35.518Z","slug":"5f49a","url":"https://aman.bh/notes/2025/08/20/5f49a"}