{"type":"entry","content":{"html":"<p>Essentials in starting any project these days:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Create project with the npx sv create command. Select netlify/static adapter depending on if I need server functions, select Tailwind, MDSVEX, eslint and prettier.</li>\n<li>Install shadcn-svelte. It is a much better way of organizing UI components, I will never be touching another UI library like flowbite or daisyui again.</li>\n<li>Edit app.css with project specific CSS variables that will be picked up by shadcn as well. Theming inspiration from places like tweakcn.com help; being able to centrally change the feel of a site is great.</li>\n<li>For code assistance, Claude Code is good. I am on the $20 Pro plan.</li>\n</ul>","text":"Essentials in starting any project these days: \r\n- Create project with the npx sv create command. Select netlify/static adapter depending on if I need server functions, select Tailwind, MDSVEX, eslint and prettier. \r\n- Install shadcn-svelte. It is a much better way of organizing UI components, I will never be touching another UI library like flowbite or daisyui again. \r\n- Edit app.css with project specific CSS variables that will be picked up by shadcn as well. Theming inspiration from places like tweakcn.com help; being able to centrally change the feel of a site is great. \r\n- For code assistance, Claude Code is good. I am on the $20 Pro plan. "},"category":"dev notes","post-status":"published","published":"2025-08-20T14:44:20.355Z","slug":"7f4cf","url":"https://aman.bh/notes/2025/08/20/7f4cf"}